Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
You could not.
Sure I could.
A vineyard in New Zealand?
You're half a world away from Bailey.
Maybe I just like the idea
of being far away.
Someplace. just me and you.
I need to talk to your father.
You need to go. Now.
Hey. I'm not fucking around here.
I need you to leave.
- I just wanna talk to him.
- You know how many cops walked in tonight?
Not to mention. FBI. US marshals.
You need to go.
Your father already knows we're in Austin.
doesn't he?
I don't blame you. He is her grandfather.
But if he knows we're here.
this is the only play I have.
You don't have a play.
Charlie. there's no future for Kristin
if I don't talk to him.
How ever you think my father can help you.
he's not gonna do it.
Ethan betrayed him.
He destroyed our family.
I know what he did.
You might be right.
But you need to let me try to do this.
Please.
- Where's Hannah?
- She's in the conference room.
- Ed.
- What's up?
Where's Hannah Hall?
Ladies'.
Hey. Why don't you take a seat?
Hannah?
I'm guessing your name's not Max. is it?
Max works for now.
Has your father lived
down here a long time?
No. just since he got out.
Few years now.
Seems quiet.
It was actually my mother's idea
to get a place on the lake.
A weekend place.
Somewhere they could go to slow down.
No stress.
She bought the house
while he was still in prison.
But she got sick and…
They never lived here together?
She died the day he got out.
Thirty-five hours later.
if you wanna be picky.
I can still turn around.
Suit yourself. Max.
Hannah. are you in there? It's me.
- How long she been in the bathroom?
- Who? Bailey?
Hannah. How long has Hannah
been in the ladies' room?
Door's locked. She's not answering.
Hannah. we're coming in.
Damn it.
Reach out to Austin PD.
I need a BOLO on Hannah Hall
for all local law enforcement.
I want a team on the streets now.
I have to do something.
I need you to trust me.
Bailey. do you know where she is?
Bailey. if you have any idea
where she is. I need to know.
No. I've been with you.
Okay.
You can sit if you want.
I don't know how long he's gonna be.
I'm good.
Well. maybe it's not you
that you should be worried about.
Those pillars are not as strong
as they look.
They were shipped to Austin in pieces.
put back together on property.
And Meredith...
That's my wife.
She had a real flair for design.
She made everything all beautiful.
She picked everything
that went in this house.
Every last thing.
I wouldn't bring it up. but I thought you.
of all people.
might appreciate the history.
- Hi. kid.
- Hey. Pop.
- Mind raising your arms. miss?
- Excuse me?
He needs to make sure
you're not wearing a wire.
Why would I wear a wire?
Those are the types of questions
that I don't ask anymore.
Raise your arms. please.
So. not so much a sanctuary.
Well. I never liked the name.
My wife chose it.
or I'd have replaced it by now.
With what?
A quote maybe?
"Lasciate ogne speranza."
It's something about abandoning hope.
My grandfather always said
hope will kill you.
Another contender.
- She's clean. sir.
- Good.
- Why don't you head out. kiddo?
- I'm her ride back to town.
Well. I'd like to spend some time alone
with our new friend.
And you don't mind. do you? Hannah?
Can I call you Hannah?
Or do you prefer Mrs. Michaels?
Hannah's fine.
See. she's fine.
And Ned here.
he can drive her back into town.
- Pop. I...
- You've had a long day.
Go home.
Of course. if she wants to leave.
I'm not gonna stop Hannah here
from heading back to Austin…
or Sausalito.
I'm good.
I need CSLI data on Nicholas Bell.
I need CSLI data on Charlie Smith.
Do we still have someone
in front of Andrea Reyes' house?
We do. All quiet. No movement
in front of Nicholas' condo.
The cop stationed at The Never Dry
thinks he might've seen Hannah.
We're rolling back through
surveillance footage now.
Get a search warrant on The Never Dry
and have Craven see what she can salvage
- on Hannah's phone.
- Okay.
Jules.
Are you okay? I can't reach Hannah.
I can't. either. We don't know
where she is.
But you're somewhere safe?
I'm with Deputy Bradford.
But Jules. this is all my fault.
Hannah wanted
to leave Austin. and I wouldn't go.
and then I just disappeared.
And now. I mean.
what if something happens to her?
Nothing is going to happen to her. okay?
Everything's gonna be all right.
Where are you right now exactly?
Bailey?
Jules. I gotta call you back.
- Hannah?
- Bailey.
Daddy?
Bourbon?
- Sure.
- All right.
Sit down.
That was Kristin's second birthday.
She was already talking in full sentences.
I took her to the park
a week before that was taken.
and we ran into her pediatrician.
He asked her how she was doing.
and she gave him a two-paragraph answer.
I take it that she is still like that.
Yes.
What the fuck are you doing here. Hannah?
I was hoping we could reach an agreement.
I don't think so. No.
You haven't heard what I've got...
No. what I mean is.
I don't think that's why you're here.
I think you're here 'cause you're hoping
I'm not who everyone says I am.
- Mr. Bell.
- Nicholas.
Nicholas.
I'm not here to litigate the past.
No? You want me to forgive your husband.
You want me to forgive him
even though you have no idea.
no concept. of what he did.
I think I have some concept.
I know the story.
I know my husband.
Your husband Ethan.
I know how you lost your daughter.
I had nothing to do with that.
And if you think that the men
I worked for would hurt my kid...
They have a code.
Not to mention.
they knew if they went after my family.
- I would've been done with them.
- Mr. Bell... Nicholas...
Of course. Ethan.
he didn't wanna believe that.
No. he just wanted to blame someone.
so he blamed me.
And punished me
as if I weren't punished enough.
And forget about me.
what kind of a man
takes a child like that?
He ripped that little girl away from her
grandmother and her aunt. her uncle.
Everyone who loved her.
Everyone who knew her mother.
who could've passed on Kate's stories.
And the hypocrisy. This is
what I really can't fucking stomach.
Your husband knew better than anyone
what I was doing.
He knew more than my own children did.
And he...
He always wanted that relationship
with me and I...
You loved him.
Excuse me?
Before all this. you really loved him.
I tried with him
like any good parent would.
I think you did more than try.
Well. if I did. it was a mistake.
One we both made. Wouldn't you say?
No. I wouldn't.
Well. I could tell you one story
about your husband.
and you would never see him
the same way again.
Maybe. I don't think it would change
what matters.
And what is that?
I think you know how much my husband
loves your granddaughter.
Everything he did.
regardless of how misguided
you think it was.
I think you know he did it all for her.
I believe you respect him
for being that kind of parent.
For making that kind of sacrifice.
For… taking care of his family.
It seems to me you two
have that in common.
Listen to me closely.
I spent the better part of a decade
in prison. six and a half years.
rather than put my family at risk
sharing my clients' secrets.
And I lost my daughter. my granddaughter.
my wife and my career.
So. if you wanna talk about sacrifice.
that's a fucking sacrifice.
But don't pretend
that you're gonna convince me
that your husband is some kinda martyr.
I...
Do not compare me to him.
Grady Bradford.
She's here. We're
at Lake Travis. not the condo in the city.
Hey. boss?
Call the Travis County Sheriff's Office.
We need SWAT at the Bell residence
in Lake Travis now.
Cooper! Jenkins. Ed. you're all with me.
Posner. keep an eye on the kid.
Let's go.
You'll make it worse
wrapping it tight like that.
You're a doctor now?
Just someone who's had her fair share
of bad hand injuries.
It's an occupational hazard.
Let's cut to the chase. shall we?
I wanna make you a deal.
It's not your deal to make.
Actually. I think it is.
In fact. I think I'm the only one
who can make it.
- Is that right?
- Well. it's pretty clear
there is no love lost
between you and my husband.
And I'm sure he wouldn't offer
what I'm about to.
but he isn't here. I am.
Okay.
I'm listening.
I assume you would like a relationship
with your granddaughter.
From the way you talk about her.
I'm guessing you'd like a relationship
with her more than just about anything.
And that you would be willing to
make arrangements with your clients
to allow that to happen.
You think that I have that kind of sway
with the organization?
Didn't you just say you spent
six and a half years in prison for them?
I can't imagine they're not grateful.
And it is either that
or your granddaughter disappears again.
I don't like being threatened.
I'm not threatening you.
I'm being told that's the other option.
The only option.
What makes you think I won't find you?
Maybe you would.
Is that really what you want for her.
to have to run again?
I'm asking you to
keep your granddaughter safe.
to let her keep living her life.
to put her in the position
where she can know her family.
Where she can know you.
I would like that.
But if you're asking me to protect Ethan.
that's not possible.
I couldn't protect Ethan even
if I were inclined to.
Which. to be clear. I am not.
What if Ethan wasn't part of it?
I'm sorry?
What if it were…
just your granddaughter. Kristin? What...
Could you keep her safe?
Just Kristin?
Yes.
You understand what you're saying?
Your husband would not be able
to come home.
Not now. not ever.
It's what Ethan wants.
To live his life without her?
To keep her safe. To protect her.
To let Bailey stay Bailey.
It's what we both want most of all.
I never really had a mother.
She left when I was little.
not much older
than Kristin was when you last saw her.
But I had my grandfather.
I had more than most people.
What I'm trying to explain is what Ethan
must have understood when he left.
That my priority
would be your granddaughter.
She's all that matters here.
You know that better than I do.
And what makes you say that?
You were there first.
I thought I sent you home.
Grady Bradford is at the front gate
with half a dozen US marshals and SWAT.
All right. you think...
You think she would be open to meeting me?
Kristin?
Yes.
I'll make sure the well isn't poisoned.
I'll make sure that she knows
that so much of what happened here has
nothing to do with how you feel about her.
Pop. She's gotta go.
If there is a part of you that thinks
that someday Ethan could
slip back into your lives.
and they will let it slide. they won't.
These men. they do not forget.
I understand.
And they may find him.
Even if he doesn't come back.
They haven't found him yet.
Go home.
She'll be safe. You both will.
You have my word.
- Thank you.
- Don't thank me.
I am not doing it for you.
So. what's the plan here. Hannah?
What? Are you just gonna get on a plane
and go back to your life.
fingers crossed you live
happily ever after?
- It's not happily ever after.
- Yeah. You're damn right it's not.
I can't keep you safe
if they know where you are.
- You can't keep us safe regardless.
- You think Nicholas Bell will?
Nicholas wants to know his granddaughter
more than he wants to punish Owen.
You still don't get it. do you?
These people will do whatever it takes
to get to Owen.
They will go after you.
and they will go after Bailey.
And they will use any means necessary
to force Owen out of hiding.
- Any means necessary.
- Nicholas gave me his word.
Nicholas lies for a living!
What are the chances?
If you move us.
what are the chances they find us?
Ten percent? Five?
What I am certain of
is that if Owen were to join us.
these people wouldn't stop
until they've hunted him down.
And if Bailey were to get caught
in that cross fire…
Owen would never take that chance.
Which is why he ran.
He knew he couldn't protect Bailey
if he were with us.
So. then how do you explain
your husband sending me his phone?
All the detailed files he kept
on The Shop.
He set up everything
so he could come back.
No. I think there was another reason.
- What's that? His legacy?
- No. Bailey's.
- I think that's a hell of a jump.
- I think I know who I married.
Come on.
If this taught you anything.
I would think it's that none
of us really know who we marry.
Owen made our wedding rings.
He worked on them late
at night on my lathe.
He wanted to surprise me.
but he'd come to bed.
and I'd smell the wood chips on his skin.
I knew what he was doing
even before I knew what he was doing.
That's the way we knew each other.
Owen knew when he disappeared
what I would do next.
He knew I'd do exactly
what was needed for her.
Hannah…
you have to know how risky this is.
They will come after you.
They might leave Bailey alone.
but they will hurt you to hurt Owen.
To lure him back.
Please.
You cannot make a deal with the devil
and expect to get away with it.
Except I just did.
Ms. Michaels. Bailey.
I'm sorry.
I shouldn't have run off...
It's okay. You're okay.
He called.
Your father?
Stop. Too many ears. Conference room. now.
I need the room.
- Can I talk to Hannah alone. please?
- Bailey.
You gotta tell me what your father said.
That's the only way I can help him.
It's okay.
Well. when I said hello.
Dad was already talking.
He didn't say where he was calling from.
and he didn't ask if I was okay.
He just... He said he had 22 seconds.
I remember that. Twenty-two seconds.
He said he was sorry.
Sorrier than he could...
And he said that…
it would be a really long time
before he could call.
And he can't really come home.
Does he mean ever?
Bailey. I know this is upsetting.
but we should talk about next steps.
Next steps? What do you mean next steps?
Grady means. where the two of us go now.
- Whether we go home or...
- Or
whether you go to a new home.
Somewhere where we can protect you.
That way your father can join you
when he thinks it's safe.
- He's not going to.
- You don't know that.
Bailey. he must have told you
that I am on your side.
He must have told you
that you should listen to me.
He told me I should listen to Hannah.
Look. she doesn't have
the knowledge or the tools
or the experience.
and neither does your father.
And regardless of what he said.
you need to let me protect your family.
That's not what you think.
Bailey. I think we're gonna be fine.
you and me.
I think we should go where you wanna go.
I think we should do whatever
makes you feel the most comfortable.
Hannah. for God's sakes.
I know Ethan.
and I know he would not want...
What did you just say?
- I said. I know your father and...
- No.
I know my father. and I know
that if he wanted me to listen to you.
he would have said so.
- Can we go home?
- Bailey.
Can you please take me home?
Okay.
Hey. we just got to the airport.
Hannah's in the bathroom.
Do you need her?
I'll take you.
Do you want me and Max for dinner tonight?
Maybe not tonight.
Well then. we'll come over tomorrow night.
Fly safe. okay?
Thanks.
Bailey.
Let's go.
What was he like?
Nicholas?
He was smart and sad.
He loves his family. He loves you.
He wants to visit?
Him and Andrea and Charlie.
They'd like to bring your cousins too.
I think Andrea really wants them
to know you.
They wouldn't. like.
stay with us or anything?
No. Nothing like that.
We'll have a meal or two together.
We'll start there.
Do I have to decide about any of this now?
You don't have to decide
about anything now.
- Flight attendants. prepare for takeoff.
- Thanks.
Maybe I just like the idea
of being far away.
Someplace. just me and you.
How about you?
How about me?
Where do you think we'll be in five years?
Hey. did you get lost? Okay.
It's on the second floor.
Yeah. Near the southwest entrance.
Look for the airplane.
Are you with the famous Shep?
Tell me. is he in a cardigan?
No. Best behavior.
Okay. see you in a minute.
The could-have-been boys still love you.
Mom?
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm